Add note about not supporting registering mutators via DI (#5472)
Particular/docs.particular.net: nservicebus/upgrades/7to8/index.md

The message mutators that operate on serialized messages (`IMutateIncomingTransportMessages` and `IMutateOutgoingTransportMessages`) in version 8 represent the message payload as `ReadOnlyMemory<byte>` instead of `byte[]`. This means that it is no longer possible to change individual bytes. Instead, a modified copy of the payload need to be provided.

> In previous versions message mutators could be registered in two ways: using a dedicated `endpointConfiguration.RegisterMessageMutator` API and via a Dependency Injection container. In version 8 only the dedicated API is supported. Mutators registered in the container are ignored.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In NServiceBus version 7 and below message mutators could be registered in two ways: using a dedicated `endpointConfiguration.RegisterMessageMutator` API and via a Dependency Injection container. In version 8 only the dedicated API is supported. Mutators registered in the container are ignored.
```
From the [version language guidelines](https://github.com/particular/docs.particular.net#version-language)
